You are so, you are so,
You are so, you are so, you are so, you are so, you are so, you are so, you are so,
You are so, you are so, you are so, you are so,
You are so, you are so, you are so, you are so, you are so,
You are so, you are so,
You are really,
You are so, you are so, you are so,
You are so, you are so, you are so, you are so, you are so, you are so, you are so, you are so, you are so, you are so, you are so, you are so, you are so, you are so, you
Really, you
what we did
Just did some
Back then
What we eat in Faqie is really
Although it was an accident
But I am from the New Clean Hospital
this is the two of us
All that's left is the original
so many years
I've been avoiding you and coming to me
You said you are the new clean house